now what do I do you know what guys I
got new merch it's available now Cod me
calm /jc sense we got zip up hoodies we
got tri-blend we got a new logo I
digress since 2012 that's a big risk
logo you guys been asking for that
anyway well guys live it up we can all
kinds of stuff zip up hoodies beanies
polos don't take my word for it cuz
obviously I can't do this ad so just
look in the description below and you
guys will find the link Thanks
alright so I lied I said you guys
wouldn't see this build again until it
was done but I met a crossroads here
more than one I think I'm pretty
convinced on if at the podium in there
after we put the protium in the AMD
build that we did fulfills editing rig I
like this reservoir so much it's the
same one I used in the D frame I can't
get all the air out of the radiators the
residence is great but I don't I feel
like the residence would make more sense
on a smaller build made with a single
radiator and since I have two rads that
are connected with the fitting right
there if you listen you'll hear the
sloshing in there so I can't get all the
air out and it's one of those things
where it's no it's no fault of the
resonance really it's just a volume
thing with tube reservoirs I'm really
comfortable with them I've not done a
lot of district plate stuff so I'll find
a different use for this definitely it's
worth using but I think I'm gonna switch
that out with the podium after all which
will end up going in there and I think
it'll just look way more traditional
like what I'm used to I feel like all
the flame polished acrylic will just
look amazing in there unfortunately this
does not have our DB and I say
unfortunately only because the resonance
does so that way that was gonna have a
glow effect to it too but that you know
that's so minor now because this crap
look no matter what I do no matter what
I choose or what path I go down even
though this is my personal computer
being used for my purposes I'm gonna be
called a shill no matter which way I
choose to go and the bottom line is all
the major companies are mad at me Nvidia
is pissed at me they're like perpetually
pissed at me because I've just been so
against the whole like 15 skews in a
single family a graphics card they're
mad they're even calling up vendors and
telling them they're mad at me fine I
feel like I've achieved something at
that point consider it an achievement
achievement unlocked get in Vidya Maddie
you 25g right there
if Intel's not mad at me they will be
well they're probably mad at me now
after the last video but I am D I don't
think it's mad at me but they continue
to tell me how much they love working
with us but then they don't include us
in certain review samples so I don't
know what's going on over there that
that's Edelman and it's a third party
that handles all of their like
advertising stuff so I don't know I
don't know if AMD makes those choices or
Edelman but I don't really care we got
to do the throat Ripper stuff and that
is really exciting I used to work 100%
out of my home all the videos you used
to see were rendered on skunkworks
I also gamed on skunkworks i livestream
done skunk works do you know what skunk
works does now it keeps my desk from
floating away and it watches YouTube and
it occasionally plays an hour or two of
games a month so realistically I could
get away with a freaking emachines for
what I do at home now but I'm still a PC
enthusiast and I'm always gonna be a
high performance desktop of business or
HP DT I could go to a 1900 K and get
like all the frames with I mean if it's
not obvious that I'm just a high-end
hardware enthusiast for my personal
stuff it's for the fact that I have two
custom PCB 2080 te ITI zijn here in SLI
we're like 90 percent of the games today
don't even utilize SLI anymore it's just
an enthusiast thing I've said it a
million times so I could go with a
ninety nine hundred K but then with the
fact that I have two of these guys in
here and I'm gonna have multiple nvme
SSDs I would have a problem with PCIe
lanes with this guy so that's kind of
out but the 99 80 XE that's in here is
exactly the same specs as the 1098 exe
only the 10 9 8 exe has slightly higher
like all core turbo clock and stuff like
that which means that it gets like the
slight edge in gaming this 99 ATX II
it's in here though has a little bit of
sentimental value because when we used
it it was what we use to get our name
and our name on the leaderboards for
overclocking for like the first time I
had never been in top 10s let alone top
fives or even for a minute there for CPU
the first spot on 3d mark
so it's got a little bit of cinema value
there it's already been lapped and
polished and all that sort of stuff
something I'm pretty sure I would have
to do with this guy no let me say yeah
obviously so it's not even flat so I
have sentimental value there but this
would give me a slight edge in gaming
neither of these CPUs are terrific for
gaming the 1998 there the 9900 is we've
already talked about that but then I
could just be like you know I'm mad at
Intel I'm mad at Intel for that $2,000
CPU in there now costing $1,000 showing
that that right there is a
representation of ripoff but I mean
again people who buy it have to make
that position to buy it and whether or
not the prices the time is worth it to
you so you can be mad at Intel but you
still ultimately have to be mad at
yourself if you spent the money on it
and then you mad about it later it's
called buyer's remorse sometimes things
happen new things come out like right
now I'm not going to build and new
hardware is available like Rison third
gen and then you have a decision to make
so the 3970 X's in fills editing rig
this is a 30 960 X this is significantly
more coarse than that guy but this is
also less maximum fps an average FPS
than that guy so it's kind of like I am
just just a freaking melting pot of
things that I like when it comes to
computers and they're not like the best
set up for anything I mean it's not the
fastest rendering rig that I could build
if I were to do rendering it's not the
fastest gaming PC that I could build if
I cared about gaming if I just cared
like well Jo you want the absolute
top-tier fastest do I go with a 31 75 X
and overclocked it to 4.8 gigahertz on
water which I know I can do because it's
cool and it's got that big-ass dominus
board that sucks up a 1,200 watts from
the wall that would literally increase
my energy bill using more power than
both my refrigerator and my AC combined
or do I go a thread Ripper to support
the latest stuff that's out from AMD
kind of going back to my grass roots
where I started my channel on an 81 20
FX processor kind of bringing things
back full circle saying one day AMD
might win me back they've definitely won
me back they want me back more so that I
feel like using my thread Ripper
processor where it matters most here at
the office where I actually do things
using this
computer like play world of warships
what Phil is actually editing yeah but
they're fun to watch and you know it but
it's one of those things where I feel
like it makes more sense to use this
hardware
where it has potential to actually do
something like here at the office at
least the computer gets turned on here
daily skunk works because it's gets
turned on like once twice a week maybe
that's why I'm just like what the hell
do I do now or do I go with the 3950 X
and lose two cores versus that but then
just really celebrate it's amazing
mainstream performance capabilities with
I have a cool motherboard for it hold on
look at the motherboard I have for that
39 50 X if I want to go this level of
build this was actually provided to us
by Micro Center and it is a crosshair
formula the exact same motherboard
family I started my channel with but
look at it it is everything that the
Intel motherboards were for the longest
time with this is a sexy sexy ass board
did we got the back plate on the back
something they never did for AMD boards
I mean look brands care about AMD again
I know that there's nothing I can say or
do that's gonna keep me from being
called a shill no matter which way I go
all this positivity towards AMD I'm sure
is it's already got people wondering
like do you sponsor and pay for these
videos well of course they sent the
hardware for us to take a look at except
for the 39 50 X I was actually sent by
micro Center there's a link down below
if you guys want to check it out same
thing with the formula motherboard
yeah the reality here is I know when we
overclock this guy higher than this guy
which means out of the box this will
probably make up and the difference here
obviously cuz these are both can be
overclockable and they're both going to
be probably a good 10 percent higher FPS
wise then thread Ripper and because I do
I'm gonna be doing realistically just
gaming and probably some live streams on
this I feel like thread rivers edged out
because this makes more sense to be used
here in our production environment
I think the 99 hundred K is out only
because I just feels like a backwards
move to me being an HP DT enthusiast all
right ears we're gonna do real quick I
think we'll just finish this video up by
giving you some substance of getting
this guy in there because I'm gonna have
to redo that back wall thing now like
retain it at least as I scratched it I
want to put some more screws in it
and I've got to make the tubing lineup
somebody actually had a really good
suggestion here by the way which I
should have done that and if this is you
that suggested it I don't remember who
it was but I want to give you credit for
it he said instead of doing the bend
here I should have put the fitting there
and then rotated it so that was just a
straight 90 without a little kink coming
out of it which would have been more
aesthetically pleasing and I think he's
absolutely correct on that so the nice
thing about the protium though because
it has these different ports on there
what I can do is because the out is
right here this is the only out so I can
actually rotate these mounts to here
because their screws right there so that
those facing back and then I can
probably get it to line up into that
fitting pretty well and then I can have
the return come up there so let's just
do that real quick
[Music]
Oh God Wow Oh God
that's right it's the same - we'll be
back ah dude it just like you okay
I had to plug that okay like I said the
resonance is awesome it's just I think
for the volume of water that's in this
system I had a ton of air that was still
open the radiators I think I showed you
guys that that was my weight earlier oh
no do you gonna clean that now okay
anyway so I get that water to drop out
of there
distracted J is J so the resonance is
gonna be used in a different build but
the volume with these double rads up top
and just I mean you can see how thin it
is so it's only about a quarter-inch if
that worth of depth in there and cycling
through this was nearly impossible with
the fact that it had to come like
through there and down through there and
then back out there and then back down
again so it was just all kinds of crazy
with this loop but I got really really
lucky so using this amulet sing in the
air so using the singularity protium
with the D 5 and the extended tube they
gave me this could not have fit any more
perfectly I got so lucky
so you can see right here I used their
reservoir mounting kit which is separate
from the one that she comes with the
podium painted it to match the case so
I've got one there and one there but the
height you can see it barely clears the
fittings that are right there between
the radiator it barely clears the bottom
allowing me to have my cable that still
comes off the bottom for this pump which
is now hidden member I said the podium
kind of came out to the side or the
resonance made it come out that way and
it was gonna be ugly
that's no longer a problem you can't
even see it now because it's PWM
controlled I don't have to try and turn
a knob on the bottom to adjust the speed
which means I have zero adjustment up or
down the fitting I made in the back and
that low pass-through wall just happened
to be at the exact same plane that the
podium ended on allowing me to connect
that completely with fittings and not
using any tubes at all so a 19 extension
another 90 and a double male rotary so
that I could screw it in to either ends
lined up absolutely perfectly I mean
that's just luck that was not planned so
this ended up fitting in there
amazingly the only thing that's kind of
sucks about this is this is sort of a
hard one to fill because the two ports
right here that I use to fill are tapped
into the same thread so the water goes
down and then some of it splashes up and
it came out as you saw it spilled
everywhere
ideally taken off the other plug would
have been perfect but as you can see I
can't get to it because of that fitting
even loosening it to allow air to track
or to get out because as water goes in
air has to go out would have been
perfect but I put that on there so tight
with a tea wrench I can't get it off so
I don't want to take this all back out
again
but the system is filled it's completely
bled actually I was shaking this thing
around like a madman just rude to try
and get all the bubbles out and you
might see some bubbles come out right
now shake it oh there goes a few there
are a few those are just a couple micro
bubbles that are still stuck in like the
GPU blocks the radiators though earlier
you heard them sloshing because I
couldn't get all the air out listen
there's no more water sloshing so this
was definitely the right move and
because I didn't space it out at all and
make it go closer to the GPUs means that
I've got plenty of room right here with
straight-through ability to to have the
wiring here be a huge part of the show
same thing with a 24-pin so by not
blocking these off and these are right
in between the reservoir and the
graphics cards means now that this is
gonna be a nice open area to have wiring
be nice and neat now because the
resonance is not blocking this little
backplate that I made for the
pass-through fitting also means that I
had to repaint that which I did because
I had scratched it
I also replaced the screws those are
actually the same screws that you would
find on the back of a graphics card but
they were the perfect threads for the
washers and the nuts I was using on the
back side so it's spring-loaded which
means it's even a better fit in there
now and then they are also like a black
nickel kind of a polished head which
just fits the bill perfectly so now I
can say the next time you will see this
build will be its completion fill
earlier was like damage a just booted up
already powered on make it do something
we decided the 98 980 XE makes more
sense because we're gonna overclock it
which will make up any difference
between the 10 980 and it actually has
some
sentimental value to me I mean I want to
know now that it's spending the rest of
its life just doing gaming hey I think
something else I want to do in here to
us tell them Phil's get a mirror cut
that's like the dimensions of the bottom
here so that I could have a mirror
reflecting the RGB light from this block
back so you can see the bottom of this
block because you can see this one in
the reflection of that backplate so I
think having a mirror down here would be
kind of cool all right guys thanks for
watching and as always we'll see you in
the next one oh and for your next build
what CPU you going with and why let Y be
the important reason why you answer I'm
really curious as to why you chose which
brand you're going with choice is
awesome but also confusing
[Music]